---
title: 7:23 am
draft: false
---
even though this is the first reflections entry, it's not the first one i actually wrote. a couple of days ago i had a pretty weak moment where i needed to put my thoughts into words. to be honest it's one of those texts which deeply reveal who i am. at some point, i definitely want to publish these kinds of reflections as well but right now that is too much of a challenge. however, when i thought about what i want to share as my first reflections entry i somehow had the immediate urge that it has to be something positive or encouraging. why do i always get the feeling that something dark is too heavy? even though my feelings and thoughts are not the most uplifting right now. in general, i would say i'm fine. there are a couple of things that keep me from drowning in my feeling adrift between different worlds. one of those things is for sure doing a lot of sport. i grew up in a very healthy and sport-centered family which i now consider a great fortune even though it also had its downsides from time to time. i started doing athletics when i was about 6 years old - always being pretty mediocre and never one of the best. that was probably the reason why i quit because i thought i wasn't good enough. i hated competition, hated being one of the last. school was the same. i went to a private middle and high school where i was in the "smart" class. to get into that class you had to do a test and be selected by the school. i think i reached place 32 or 33 with the maximum being 30 pupils. there is this german saying which basically translates into "luck in misfortune" which fits in this situation perfectly. a few people didn't want the spot so somehow i got into the class. the following years i always felt like one of the dumbest in my class. most of my classmates seemed to have a goal in life - some of them wanted to become doctors, lawyers or simply study business at oxford. 
the feeling of belonging to the lower half of society became deeply ingrained as I grew up. comparing myself to my classmates and the other athletes i misled myself into underestimating my abilities. at some point, i got competitive trying to find my limits while studying or doing sports. if only I had known at 18 what I'm capable of because i probably would have chosen to study psychology then. i would say that's probably one of my biggest regrets yet. nevertheless, i figured out that i am smarter and better in sports than i always thought i was. those things are not my insecurities anymore - i would even count them as my strengths. 
although i managed to reflect on those moments and feelings from when i was younger there is still one thing i am struggling a lot with. 

**the feeling of being lost.**

how am i supposed to know what to do with my life? i have no clue where i want to end up or what to do from here. sure, i have a bachelor's degree in biotechnology but now what? i wish i was as determined on one thing as some of my former classmates were or still are. even though grandparents and parents tend to tell one how lucky we are that we can just decide on what we want to become i don't see  that as fortunate. on the contrary, i am extremely overwhelmed. the last two years i started trying to take it step by step and don't pressure myself. easier said than done since i am getting older during that process.
still, i got better over time with handling that kind of situation and accepting the uncertainty i live in. however, i can't wait to finally stick to something longer than six months and even have a clear direction for the future with what i am doing. all i have to do is keep on going and try not to stand still. 

wish me luck. 