---
title: no.1
draft: false
tags:
---
Today I finished my first bullet journal. Since I found my way into journaling, I've always preferred writing with a pen rather than on my laptop or phone. Somehow my Latin middle school teacher talking about how the learning effect of doing the hand movement while writing with a pen gets lost by typing on a phone or laptop got stuck in my head. I like remembering things, so I always thought it would be better to write to-do lists on paper. The development from paper to bullet journal happened only a couple of months ago. I've already journaled before that, but I don't think I did it that frequently. Most of the time I enjoy reflecting on what's going on in my life and it didn't take me much time. However, there are these moments where I just don't want to journal. In those moments I look at the grey notebook, which always lies somewhere obvious, so I don't forget to use it, and I'll tell myself that it's okay because "I don't have much to reflect on right now". Well, in those kinds of situations I am probably needing it the most. It's when I don't want to open the door to my feelings because I am scared. Scared of what could suddenly jump at me when I am not prepared. Scared of realizations I don't want to face because they could hurt. Scared of accepting that I am not fine even if I tell everyone around me I am (including myself).

Have you ever binge-watched a series? Couldn't stop watching the next episode because of the cliffhanger? Stayed up way too long - so long that when telling people they look at you like "are you crazy"?

I have. Actually, I did that yesterday. Why? I don't know. Is it so difficult to click the "x" button and prevent Netflix from playing the next episode automatically? No, that's not it. I know, some of you might think now "that's it? that's not too bad, stop being such a crybaby". But for me it is a big deal. I feel so shitty about myself the next day. I don't feel like I deserve diving into that other world where all my worries don't exist. 
I need to work. I have to earn money. I have to find something I want to do with my life. I need a perspective. Those kinds of thoughts are haunting me all the time. I cannot relax, not a single bit. The day before yesterday I had a fun night out with my flatmate and my best friend but suddenly while sitting in the outdoor area of the club we went to, the fun façade simply crumbled. My thoughts went from having a "great time" to "you are a failure, you don't deserve to have fun" real quick.

Those are pretty raw emotions, not very uplifting nor pretty - I know. While writing this entry I thought: okay so how do I turn that around? How do I end this entry on a positive note? To be honest, I don't feel those positive emotions right now so I also don't feel like searching for motivational words for you or myself. Don't get me wrong, I'm aware that tomorrow is a new day and that emotions can be very different in the morning.

Nonetheless, I can feel the storm of emotions boiling up subliminally.
